Documentation and Instructions (#3)
dwave-examples/template-dash: CONTRIBUTING.md

        *   [demo_callbacks.py](demo_callbacks.py) contains all the
            [Dash callback functions](https://dash.plotly.com/basic-callbacks) required to run the
            Dash app. Updates to existing callbacks and new callbacks should be made in this file.
        *   [demo_interface.py](demo_interface.py) contains all the Dash HTML components that
            generate the user interface (UI) for the app, including settings like sliders,
            checkboxes, and text inputs, as well as buttons and tables. If a Dash HTML component
            needs to be dynamically added to the UI by a Dash callback in `demo_callbacks.py`, it
            is encouraged to add a function generating this component to `demo_interface.py` and
            call this function from `demo_callbacks.py`.
        *   [demo_configs.py](demo_configs.py) contains all configurations and settings for the
            demo and is intended as a quick way to customize the demo for a specific audience or
            use case. Add variables to this file that users may want to change; for example, titles
            and default settings values but not evergreen labels or internal variables.

>         *   [demo.css](demo.css) contains all custom CSS styling for the demo; any new CSS rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *   [demo.css](assets/demo.css) contains all custom CSS styling for the demo; any new CSS rules
```

            should be added here or in a new file in the `/assets/` directory. Dash reads all
            files in `/assets/` in alphabetical order so, out of the provided CSS files, `demo.css`
            runs last and can overwrite previous styling rules.

>         *   [__demo_variables.css](__demo_variables.css) contains all CSS variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *   [__demo_variables.css](assets/__demo_variables.css) contains all CSS variables.
```

            It is encouraged to edit or add more CSS variables here.

>         *   [demo_enums.py](demo_enums.py) contains [Enum](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *   [demo_enums.py](src/demo_enums.py) contains [Enum](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html)
```

- [ ] **README**: The demo contains an updated `README.md` file that follows the
[README template](README.md) and is written in Markdown.

- [ ] **Requirements**: All requirements for running the demo have been listed in `requirements.txt`
and are either pinned to a version supported by the latest Ocean SDK release or lower bounded.
`dwave-ocean-sdk` is unpinned and lower bounded.

- [ ] **LICENSE**: The demo complies with the Apache 2.0 License and the [`LICENSE`](LICENSE) file
is included in the root directory. All files include a license header.

- [ ] **Tests**: All code included in the `/src/` directory has associated tests that are located in
`/tests/` and discoverable through `python -m unittest discover`.

- [ ] **Codespaces**: The [`.devcontainer/`](.devcontainer/) directory is included in the demo's
root directory to ensure the demo runs in
[GitHub Codespaces](https://docs.github.com/en/codespaces/overview).

- [ ] **CircleCI**: The demo contains the [`.circleci/`](.circleci/) directory to support running
tests in CI. Once approved, we will make sure that your example is set up on our CircleCI account.

> >Our examples are tested using CircleCI. For a list of operating systems and

Reviewer: I think this looks a bit off. Maybe a note box would be better?
```suggestion
> [!NOTE]  
> Our examples are tested using CircleCI. For a list of operating systems and
```

# Contribution Guidelines

Thank you for your interest in contributing to [dwave-examples](https://github.com/dwave-examples)!
Before getting started, we encourage you to take a look at the following guidelines.

## What We're Looking For

While we have a preference for application-oriented examples, we welcome all examples that
demonstrate use of Ocean&trade; SDK tools.

To see examples of what we are looking for, you can view our existing demos by either creating a
free account on the [Leap&trade; Quantum Cloud Service](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/signup/)
and browsing our categorized [library of examples](https://cloud.dwavesys.com/leap/examples/) or by
reading through the demo code repositories in [dwave-examples](https://github.com/dwave-examples).

## Steps for Contributing

1.  Follow GitHub's instructions for
    [creating a repository from a template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).
    Alternatively, clone this repository as a starting point from which to implement your example.

2.  Implement your example by following these instructions:

>     1.  It is preferable that all Python and CSS code occur either in new files or in files that
>         contain `demo` in the name. Below is a list of `demo` files and their functionality:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    1.  It is preferable that you write all Python and CSS code in either new files or files that
        contain `demo` in the name. Below is a list of `demo` files and their functionality:
```

I think you accidently dropped the "changes" so now you have "code occur".

        *   [demo_callbacks.py](demo_callbacks.py) contains all the
            [Dash callback functions](https://dash.plotly.com/basic-callbacks) required to run the
            Dash app. Updates to existing callbacks and new callbacks should be made in this file.
        *   [demo_interface.py](demo_interface.py) contains all the Dash HTML components that
            generate the user interface (UI) for the app, including settings like sliders,
            checkboxes, and text inputs, as well as buttons and tables. If a Dash HTML component
            needs to be dynamically added to the UI by a Dash callback in `demo_callbacks.py`, it
            is encouraged to add a function generating this component to `demo_interface.py` and
            call this function from `demo_callbacks.py`.

>         *   [demo_configs.py](demo_configs.py) contains all configurations and settings for the
>             demo and is intended as a quick way to customize the demo for a specific audience or
>             use case. It is encouraged to add more customization settings to this file; however,
>             this file should not be cluttered with settings that are not helpful to the end user
>             (eg titles and other settings that are unlikely to ever be changed).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        *   [demo_configs.py](demo_configs.py) contains all configurations and settings for the
            demo and is intended as a quick way to customize the demo for a specific audience or
            use case. Add settings to this file that users might want to change; for example, ranges
            of inputs and number of selections but not component names and internal variables.
```

Just some alternate phrasing you can look at and maybe use

Author: changed this slightly but it's the same idea https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/bb2bff29e7c4d282ef3e67a8f4582e0bc7ae9d75

        *   [demo.css](demo.css) contains all custom CSS styling for the demo; any new CSS rules
            should be added here or in a new file in the `/assets/` directory. Dash reads all
            files in `/assets/` in alphabetical order so, out of the provided CSS files, `demo.css`
            runs last and can overwrite previous styling rules.
        *   [__demo_variables.css](__demo_variables.css) contains all CSS variables.
            It is encouraged to edit or add more CSS variables here.

>         *   [demo_enums.py](demo_enums.py) contains [Enum](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html)
>             classes for any settings or variables are being used frequently to avoid string
>             comparisons or other fragile code practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        *   [demo_enums.py](demo_enums.py) contains [Enum](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html)
            classes for any settings or variables that are being used frequently to avoid string
            comparisons or other fragile code practices.
```

    2.  All new files should be added to one of the following directories:
        *   `/assets/` is a Dash-specific directory that must not contain subdirectories and must
            not be renamed. Dash always reads files in this directory in alphabetical order and

>             therefore you do not need to explicitly import files from this directory. All CSS files
>             that **do not** contain the word `demo` in the title, should _ideally_ not be altered.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            therefore you do not need to explicitly import files from this directory. Avoid if 
            possible altering CSS files with the word `demo` in the filename.
```

Alternate phrasing without a double negative

Author: updated: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/bb2bff29e7c4d282ef3e67a8f4582e0bc7ae9d75

        *   `/src/` should contain all functional code for the demo including solver implementations,
            class definitions, etc. You can add subdirectories as needed.
        *   `/static/` should contain all new static files such as images. You can add subdirectories
            as needed.
        *   `/tests/` should contain tests for all code found in `/src/`. All tests should be
            discoverable through `python -m unittest discover`.

    3.  Follow the [README template](README.md) to create a README that describes your example and
        outlines how it works.

3.  Once your example has been implemented,
    [open an issue](https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/issues/new/choose) in the
    [dwave-examples/template-dash](https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash) repository
    with a link to your example.

> 4.  D-Wave will fork your repository and may make a pull request to get your approval for certain
>     code changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When adding a contributed example, D-Wave forks your repository and may make a pull 
request to get your approval for certain code changes.
```

"D-Wave will fork your repository" comes across a bit like a blanket guarantee to accept the contribution. 

Also, this is not a step they contributor needs to take as part of the process so perhaps not a numbered paragraph?

## Steps for Contributing

1. Follow GitHub's instructions for [creating a repository from a template](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template).
   Alternatively, clone this repository as a
   starting point from which to implement your example.

> 2. Implement your example by following these instructions:

Reviewer 2: Rather than have two levels of instructions, which gives an impression of complexity, consider using separate points for these: implementation guidelines

2. statement on files
3. statement on directories 
4. readme

Author: Updated: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58

Author: I personally find it more confusing to have it all in one line, and this goes for any documentation I read, so my preference would be to keep it as is but let me know how strongly you feel about this.

>     1. All code changes should either occur in new files or in files that contain `demo` in the name. The following is

Reviewer 2: Won't the `requirements.txt` be an exception to this rule?

Author: Updated to be more clear: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/69ce8de2d571b557b6076d01df9822abb529133b#:~:text=1.%20%20It%20is%20preferable%20that%20all%20Python,%60demo%60%20files%20and%20their%20functionality%3A

>     a list of files and their functionality:

Reviewer 2: I understand the preference for templating the code structure; what's unclear from this guidance is how strictly such guidance is adhered to. Is this a preference or will non-compliance cause a submission to be rejected? Users will sometimes have cases where non-compliance will produce simpler, more-understandable code and will want to know.

Should we say here something like "D-Wave prefers ..." or is this actually "All code changes must be made in either new files or in files"?

Author: Let me know if this works: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58#:~:text=1.%20%20It,their%20functionality%3A

>     a list of files and their functionality:

Reviewer 2: "The following is a list of files and their functionality:"
Perhaps more like, 
"The `demo_*` files listed below provide the following functionality:" ?

Author: Let me know if this works: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58#:~:text=1.%20%20It,their%20functionality%3A

>         * [demo_callbacks.py](demo_callbacks.py) contains all the [Dash callback functions](https://dash.plotly.com/basic-callbacks) required to run the Dash app. Any new callbacks should be added to this file.

Reviewer 2: I think from looking at the file that in addition to new callbacks, the user might also need to update some of the existing callbacks (e.g. `Put demo input here` in line 71

Author: Made that direction more explicit here https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58#:~:text=Dash%20app.%20Updates%20to%20existing%20callbacks%20and%20new%20callbacks%20should%20be%20made%20in%20this%20file.

>         * [demo_callbacks.py](demo_callbacks.py) contains all the [Dash callback functions](https://dash.plotly.com/basic-callbacks) required to run the Dash app. Any new callbacks should be added to this file.

Reviewer 2: General comment: all these lines are much longer than the preferred 80/100-char line length and should be broken.

Author: Updated: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58

        * [demo_interface.py](demo_interface.py) contains all the Dash HTML components that generate the user interface (UI) for the app, including settings like sliders, checkboxes, and text inputs, as well as buttons and tables. If a Dash HTML component needs to be dynamically added to the UI by a Dash callback in `demo_callbacks.py`, it is encouraged to add a function generating this component to `demo_interface.py` and call this function from `demo_callbacks.py`.

>         * [demo_configs.py](demo_configs.py) contains all configurations and settings for the demo and is intended as a quick way to customize the demo for a specific audience or use case. It is encouraged to add more customization settings to this file, however, this file should not be cluttered with settings that are not helpful to the end user.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * [demo_configs.py](demo_configs.py) contains all configurations and settings for the demo and is intended as a quick way to customize the demo for a specific audience or use case. It is encouraged to add more customization settings to this file; however, this file should not be cluttered with settings that are not helpful to the end user.
```

perhaps add an example of a setting that is not useful to the end user?

Author: also added an example: https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58#:~:text=(eg%20titles%20and%20other%20settings%20that%20are%20unlikely%20to%20ever%20be%20changed).

>         * [demo.css](demo.css) contains all custom CSS styling for the demo; any new CSS rules should be added here or in a new file in the `/assets/` directory. Dash reads all files in `/assets/` in alphabetical order so `demo.css` runs last and can overwrite previous styling rules.

Reviewer 2: "so `demo.css` runs last"
I think this is true if "added here or in a new file" adds new files that always start with an underscore. If the user add a new css file `my_css.css` this will no loner be true

Author: Updated to hopefully be clearer https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58#:~:text=*%20%20%20%5Bdemo,styling%20rules.

        * [__demo_variables.css](__demo_variables.css) contains all CSS variables. It is encouraged to edit or add more CSS variables here.

>         * [demo_enums.py](demo_enums.py) contains Enum classes for any settings or variables are being used frequently to avoid string comparisons or other fragile code practices.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        *    [demo_enums.py](demo_enums.py) contains [Enum](https://docs.python.org/3/library/enum.html) 
              classes for any settings or variables are being used frequently to avoid string comparisons or other 
              fragile code practices.
```

    2. All new files should be added to one of the following directories:

>         * `/assets/` is a Dash-specific directory that must not contain subdirectories and must not be renamed. Dash always reads files in this directory in alphabetical order and therefore you do not need to explicitly import files from this directory. The `__base.css` file is a Dash-made file with some basic styling rules; this file should not be edited. All other CSS files that **do not** contain the word `demo` in the title, have been created specifically as defaults for this demo template. These files should _ideally_ not be altered. Any new CSS rules should be written in `demo.css` or in a new CSS file in `/assets/`.

Reviewer 2: "The `__base.css` file"
This seems to belong to the previous section on files rather than in this section on directories

Author: Removed this entirely as it seemed a bit redundant to mention not editing specific and also general files https://github.com/dwave-examples/template-dash/pull/3/commits/a8faa217776de94309780459ad81de2591cf0f58#:~:text=*%20%20%20%60/,be%20altered.

>         * `/src/` should contain all functional code for the demo including solver implementations, class definitions, etc. This directory is not specific to Dash and therefore the use of subdirectories is permitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        *    `/src/` should contain all functional code for the demo including solver implementations, class definitions, etc. 
              You can add subdirectories as needed.
```

>         * `/static/` should contain all new static files such as images. This directory is not specific to Dash and therefore the use of subdirectories is permitted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        * `/static/` should contain all new static files such as images. You can add subdirectories as needed
```
